can you hang from a bar but by your feet
if you can it means you've got some
super strong ankles but wait can you
fully roll your ankle without pain if
you can do that you've got some
incredibly flexible ankles now if you
can do one of these things you're pretty
amazing but if you could do both that is
incredible I built my ankle strength
through body weight tibialis raises if
you didn't know your tibialis is your
shin muscle right here just lean against
the wall and lift your toes the closer
your heels are to the wall the easier it
is and the further away your toes are
the harder it is and I built ankle
flexibility with ankle inversions 30
seconds at a time you can do it by hand
at first but when you get better at it
you can use the ground to get you deeper
into the stretch do two or three sets of
both of these a couple times a week and
eventually you'll have some superhuman
ankles and in case you're wondering
about my shoes pva.com use code stay
Flex imagine never rolling your ankle
again or get this you actually do end up
rolling it but it doesn't affect you
pretty neat stay flexy